Added link secret section (#45)
AnonCreds-WG/anoncreds-spec: spec/data_flow_setup.md

#### Issuer Create and Publish Revocation Registry Object

#### Holder Create and Store Link Secret

To prepare to use AnonCreds credentials, the [[ref: Holder]] must create a

> [[ref: link secret]], a unique identifier that is kept private. The [[ref: link

Author: I like the clarification -- I reworded it slightly: 

`a unique identifier that allows credentials issued to a [[ref: Holder]] to be bound to that [[ref: Holder]] and presented without revealing a unique identifier, thus avoiding correlation of credentials by [[ref: Verifier]]s.`

I think we are trying to say the same thing.

> [[ref: link secret]], a unique identifier that is kept private. The [[ref: link

Reviewer: ok.

secret]] is used during the credential issuance process and in the generation of

> a presentation. For the latter, it allows the [[ref: holder]] to create a zero

Author: Updated.

knowledge proof that they were issued the credential by demonstrating knowledge
of the value of the [[ref: link_secret]] without sharing it. The details of how
the [[ref: link_secret]] is used to do this is provided in the issuance,
presentation generation and verification sections of this specification.

The [[ref: link secret]] is a sufficiently random unique identifier. For
example, in the Hyperledger Indy implementation, the [[ref: link secret]] is
produced by a call to the Rust
[uuid](https://docs.rs/uuid/0.5.1/uuid/index.html) Crate's `new_v4()` method to
achieve sufficient randomness.

Once generated, the [[ref: link_secret]] is stored locally by the [[ref:
Holder]] for use in subsequent issuance and presentation interactions. If lost,
the [[ref: Holder]] will not be able to generate a proof that the credential was

> issued to them. The [[ref: holder]] generates only a single [[ref:

Reviewer 2: I would argue against the holder only generating a single link_secret. I don't think you can stop them from generating more than one and these systems should acknowledge that. I actually think its a good thing, I may want to manage different personas for my digital interactions and explicitly not have all my credentials bound to the same secret.

It is on issuers to ensure they issue credentials that should be unique (e.g. that identify a human) to only one link_secret.

Author: Added a paragraph about this possibility.

Reviewer 3: But why would one want to have more than one link secret (LS)? Isn't it always a secret and the true value is never known to neither issuer nor the verifier? By having more than one LS, the holders are limiting themselves in terms of what can be presented with a proof that claims from different credentials belonging to the same binding mechanism.

For instance:
1) I have a Credential A linked with LS A
2) I also have a Credential B linked with LS A
3) And I have a Credental C linked with LS B

Now I can combine in a presentation proof both with the claims from Credential A and Credential B with a proof that both are bound to me with the same LS (proof of LS A). But if I combine claims from Credential A and C, I have show with which LSs they are bound to me (proof of LS A and LS B), presenting more information while adding no benefits.

One of the better benefits of single link secret is that I can prove that both credentials are bound to the same entity (via LS) without disclosing the true value of it. For example, if I am chaining from:

1) Name and Last Name from my electronic ID
2) Tyoe of cars that I can drive from my drivers license

The verifier knows that both belong to the same person due to the common denominator being the LS between them.

Since no proof of LS is the same between presentation proofs, I am having difficulty understanding the added benefit of having multiple LSs.

Reviewer 2: You are correct @hkny, but I still think it is valuable to point out that nothing can stop an entity from maintaining more than one link secret should they wish to. They may have legitimate reasons for wanting to compartmentalise there virtual existence, or they may be attempting something nefarious. Either way I think it is important to acknowledge that there is nothing technical that can prevent a holder from doing this.

One thing that springs to mind (which is not currently supported, but one day I hope it will be), is the ability to scope identifiers to a domain such that only a single identifier can be generated per link secret. There is a whole bunch of interesting cryptography about pseudonyms along this vien.

I also think this RWOT advanced reading is relevant here https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot9-prague/blob/master/topics-and-advance-readings/zkp-safety.md

link_secret]], using it for all credentials the [[ref: holder]] is issued. This allows for
[[ref: verifier]]s to know that all of the credentials used in generating a presentation
with attributes from multiple credentials were all issued with the same [[ref:

> link_secret]].

Reviewer 2: I like these comments @JensJelitto but in all cases I suggest refactoring out the use of identity. I think we really mean identifier here.

e.g.

to verify that all of the credentials used in generating a presentation
with attributes from multiple credentials were all issued to the same [[ref: Holder]] without requiring the [[ref: Holder]] to disclose the unique identifier ([[ref: link_secret]]) that binds these credentials together.

> link_secret]].

Author: Agree with the clarification, and with @wip-abramson 's comment about the need to use identifier vs. identity.

#### Issuer Create and Publish Revocation Registry Object

#### Holder Create and Store Link Secret

To prepare to use AnonCreds credentials, the [[ref: Holder]] must create a
[[ref: link secret]], a unique identifier that allows credentials issued to a
[[ref: Holder]] to be bound to that [[ref: Holder]] and presented without
revealing a unique identifier, thus avoiding correlation of credentials by
[[ref: Verifier]]s. The [[ref: link_secret]] is kept private by the [[ref:
Holder]]. The [[ref: link secret]] is used during the credential issuance
process to bind the credential to the [[ref: holder]] and in the generation of a
presentation. For the latter, it allows the [[ref: holder]] to create a zero
knowledge proof that they were issued the credential by demonstrating knowledge
of the value of the [[ref: link_secret]] without sharing it. The details of how
the [[ref: link_secret]] is used to do this is provided in the issuance,

> presentation generation and verification sections of this specification.

Reviewer: I agree.

The [[ref: link secret]] is a sufficiently random unique identifier. For
example, in the Hyperledger Indy implementation, the [[ref: link secret]] is
produced by a call to the Rust
[uuid](https://docs.rs/uuid/0.5.1/uuid/index.html) Crate's `new_v4()` method to
achieve sufficient randomness.

> Once generated, the [[ref: link_secret]] is stored locally by the [[ref:

Reviewer 3: Also recovery function: Is it with DKMS? If yes, how is it related to key recovery?

> Once generated, the [[ref: link_secret]] is stored locally by the [[ref:

Reviewer: I think the storage question is a implementation detail...

Holder]] for use in subsequent issuance and presentation interactions. If lost,
the [[ref: Holder]] will not be able to generate a proof that the credential was
issued to them. The [[ref: holder]] generates only a single [[ref:
link_secret]], using it for all credentials the [[ref: holder]] is issued. This
allows for [[ref: verifier]]s to verify that all of the credentials used in
generating a presentation with attributes from multiple credentials were all
issued to the same [[ref: Holder]] without requiring the [[ref: Holder]] to
disclose the unique identifier ([[ref: link_secret]]) that binds these
credentials together.

> A [[ref: Holder]] may choose to generate multiple link secrets, using different
> ones when being issued credentials. When doing so, a presentation of multiple
> credentials may result in the proofs of the binding of the different credentials
> to the [[ref: Holder]] use different [[ref: link_secret]]s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is nothing to stop a [[ref: Holder]] from generating multiple [[ref: link_secret]]s and contributing them to different credential issuance processes. However, doing so would prevent the [[ref: Holder]] from producing a presentation combining credentials issued to distinct [[ref: link_secret]]s that can be proven to have been issued to the same entity. It is up to the [[ref: Verifier]] to require and verify this binding between multiple credentials used in a presentation.
```

Perhaps something like this?
